Explaining Gravitational Interactions from a New Perspective that Denies Gravitons
Summary
This paper proposes a new theory that denies the existence of gravitons and explains gravitational interactions from a classical viewpoint. Based on the interaction of vector quantities of translational and rotational motion between particles, the paper discusses unexplained phenomena related to the interaction between particles in dispersive systems, non-equilibrium states, hydrodynamic effects, and the motion of non-spherical particles as a clue to revealing the true nature of the universal gravitation force.

1. Introduction
Gravitons (gravitons) have long been proposed in particle physics as hypothetical elementary particles that mediate gravitational interactions. In this study, however, we reject the existence of gravitons and propose a new theory in which the translational and rotational interactions between particles are the essence of the gravitational interaction. In this theory, the universal gravitation force is assumed to be caused by the accumulation and superposition of the motion vectors of elementary particles, which interact with each other. In particular, in the ground state, the motion vectors of countless elementary particles are aligned in the same direction of rotation and parallel translational motion. Existing subatomic particles interact in the process of transitioning from the nonequilibrium state to the ground state. A state very close to the ground state is considered a black hole in space.

2. theoretical background
In this study, the following unexplored phenomena will be considered as clues to elucidate the gravitational interaction.

2.1 Interaction between particles in a dispersive system
In a dispersed system, the interaction between particles is very complex. In particular, the effects of interactions such as electric charge, spring force, and Banner force on translational and rotational motion are not fully understood. For asymmetric or anisotropic particles, the interactions are even more complex, which may provide a new perspective for understanding gravitational interactions.

2.2 Effects of non-equilibrium states
In systems that are not in general thermal equilibrium, e.g., in the presence of temperature gradients or external forces, the motion of particles cannot be described by the standard Langevin equation. Brownian motion under these non-equilibrium conditions still involves many unexplained phenomena, which may provide new perspectives for understanding gravitational interactions.

2.3 Hydrodynamic Effects
Hydrodynamic effects due to fluid flow induced by particles in a solvent and their interactions with other particles and boundaries also affect gravity interactions. In particular, differences in hydrodynamic interactions due to particle shape and size are important. Understanding these effects will lead to a better understanding of the gravity interaction.

2.4 Motion of Nonspherical Particles
Brownian motion of nonspherical particles is more complex than that of spherical particles. For anisotropic particles, correlations between translational and rotational motions may appear strongly, and the mechanism of these correlations is not fully understood. It is important to clarify how these unresolved correlations are involved in the gravitational interaction.

3. Conclusion
In this paper, we have proposed a new theory that denies the existence of gravitons and proposes that the interaction between translational and rotational motions between particles is the true nature of the gravitational interaction. Further studies on particle-particle interactions in dispersed systems, non-equilibrium effects, hydrodynamic effects, and the motion of non-spherical particles are needed to validate this theory. Progress in these studies is expected to help us to understand the nature of gravitational interactions. The nature of black holes in space is also expected to be explained.




